What do you call friends you listen to music with? Earbuds.;
Why does bread take so long to digest? It loafs.;
What do you call a zen master in charge of snacks? A chipmunk.;
Why couldn’t the knife go back into the drawer? He was in a jam.;
Why was the cucumber seed late for work? He was in a bit of a pickle.;
What type of music do Santa’s elves listen to while working? Rap music.;
What do you call a bull before he grows his horns? A cowboy.;
What do you call siblings that never fight? Impossible.;
What do you call a person that has keys to the bathroom? A can opener.;
What do corn farmers use as the internet? Cobweb.;
Why do genies fly on magic carpets? No one ever wishes for cheaper flights.;
What did the boy scout say when asked which knot Is better? It’s a tie.;
What kind of shoes does the Tooth fairy wear? Sneakers.;
What do you call candy that has an attitude? Sour Skittles.;
What did the dog say to the owner when he asked “How do I look”? Rough.;
Why did the plain peanut hire a bodyguard? He didn’t want to be assaulted.;
What do redheads use to make sandwiches? Gingerbread.;
Why do pilots drink before flights? The cockpit doesn’t have cup holders.;
Where do you keep your bacon? Pigpen.;
Why do dogs never plagiarize? They chase their own tale.;
Why was Abraham Lincoln not allowed to use the restroom? He didn’t clean up his Lincoln logs.;
Why do you call a father beaten by a ghost? Deadbeat dad.;
What do you call a cat chewing on Christmas tree lights? Shocking.;
Why did dinner come out so late? The chef lost the Thyme.;
What do you call a soldier filling in for the day? Submarine.;
Why are poultry farmers so cool? They are always picking up chicks.;
Why are refrigerators good under pressure? They always keep their cool.;
What was the board game collector missing? He didn’t have a clue.;
What do you call an overachieving bicycle? A tricycle.;
Why do trees always lose their leaves? They don’t have a wallet.;
Which president’s favorite animal was an owl? Herbert Hoover;
How did the Sea captain feel about being thrown overboard? He was a bit salty.;
Why should butchers make more money? There is a lot at stake.;
Why were the scissors held back a year? They weren’t very sharp.;
Where do athletes go to have their uniforms repaired? New Jersey.;
What do girls call lunch playdates? Barbicues.;
Why did the poodle want warm buns? He was a chili dog.;
What do geese do when they get out of formation? They just wing it.;
What do you call a police officer in a drug bust? Weed Wacker.;
What do you call a shopping cart full of junk food? A waste basket.;
What is the secret weapon of a telemarketer? Sell phones.;
Why did the girl keep kissing the ocean goodbye? It wouldn’t stop waving.;
Why do bakers use flour? Bread sticks.;
Why do Vampires hate garlic? It’s hard to brush their fangs.;
Why should you never visit a cemetery at night? You’re in grave danger.;
Why are stop signs red? If no one read them we wouldn’t know to stop.;
What do ghost pandas like to eat? Bam boo.;
Why couldn’t the snowman withdraw from his account? It was frozen.;
What do narcoleps and con men have in common? They are always lying.;
Why did the paper boy finish his bike route so fast? He didn’t have any breaks.;
What do squash wear to the beach? Zucchini bikini.;
Why did the stones hold hands in a circle? They wanted to form a rock band.;
What do clouds wear when they dress up? Rainbows.;
Why didn’t the dog stop the movie for his friends? It didn’t have a pause.;
What do you call a snout without an owner? No one knows.;
Why don’t pirates rake leaves? They hate yarrrrrd work.;
Why should you never take paper to the gym? It gets ripped too easily.;
What do you call a pig thief? Hamburglar.;
What do you call ingredients you mix with lemons? Lemon aid.;
Why did the golfer buy new shoes? He got a hole in one.;
Why couldn’t the vampire smoke in bed? He didn’t like the coffin.;
Why don’t people play basketball with garbagemen? They talk too much trash.;
Why don’t Magicians wear wigs? They keep their hare in their hat.;
Where are crazy criminals kept? Nut cell.;
Why did the gardener proceed with caution? There was no amateur seed.;
What is the most important part of deserts? Cook keys.;
Why did the musician play the saxophone? He couldn’t trump it.;
What are the different sections of Buffalo, New York called?  Buffalo wings.;
What is the best day to cook fish? Friday.;
Why did the duck break his bill? He needed some change.;
Why do guys like girls with nice handwriting? They have pretty I’s.;
Why did the government shut down KFC? It was a chicken coup.;
Where do Eskimos keep their money? Burbank.;
Why shouldn’t you buy an electric car with a credit card? They charge too much.;
What’s another word for detour? Subway.;
What do you call the 3rd best secret agent? Spy C.;
What do you call a person that buys every item in a store? Stock broker.;
What do you call French desserts that make you sick? Crepes of wrath.;
What do you call a stupid person in the woods? Forrest Gump.;
Why should you never accept free tuna? Seems a bit fishy.;
Where do vegans dock their boats? Green bay.;
What do you call a show about horses? Horse play.;
What did the potato farmer do about the rodents? Nipped the problem in the bud.;
Why was the elephant late to the airport? He forgot to pack his trunk.;
Why did the beaver give up on building his house? He didn’t give a damn.;
Why are frogs good gardeners? They have a natural green thumb.;
What happened to the cannon that didn’t go off? He was fired.;
Why aren’t guitars made of cheese? It’s too stringy.;
Why are oceans cleaner than lakes? They have mermaids.;
What do you call metal that ruins your plans? Tin foil.;
Why was the customer upset about his soup? It was just a little chili.;
Why was the roofer behind on the job? He had shingles everywhere.;
Why shouldn’t you trust thorn bushes? They’re a little shady.;
What do you call a happy farmer? A jolly rancher.;
What did the doctor say to the diabetic patient? I can give it a shot.;
Why is it always good news to be in the basement? You can only go up from there.;
What do you call jewelry left to you by relatives? Heir rings.;
What do you call outdated sweets? Rotten candy.;
Why was the working dog so tired? Too much roofing.;
Why was the tea so cold for breakfast? It needed a t-shirt.;
Why were all the animals so jumpy? It was a leap year.;
What do you call a writing utensil in a window? A pen sill;
Why were the Bees forced to move? They didn’t beehive.;
How do astronauts travel underground? Wormholes.;
What do you call a cow whose flight is delayed? Ground beef.;
Where do you go for the freshest food? New Delhi.;
What do you call cows packed tight that eat each other? Can a bull.;
What do you call a boring dog that swims? A pool dull.;
Why don’t tightrope walkers talk about their mistakes? That was last fall.;
Why can you never count on the weather when you move? Rain drops.;
What do you call a fighter with two black eyes? A pair of socks.;
Why do dogs stay away from clocks? They don’t like ticks.;
Why did people watch the blind man walk to the second floor? He couldn’t see the stares.;
Why do teachers always drop hints? They don’t have pockets in their dresses.;
Why did the carpenter switch the house from wood to brick? He was bored.;
Why did the cement factory vandal get away? There wasn’t any concrete evidence.;
Where do musicians write their songs? Notebook.;
Where do mean dogs plant their vegetables? Grrrrrden.;
Which library is closest to the Forest? The tree branch.;
What do you do when you can’t afford your electric bill? Have the money wired.;
Why couldn’t the child catch the bubbles? He just kept blowing it.;
Why were there no kings in the house of cards? There was no room on the deck.;
Where should you prepare flower food? Flower pot.;
Why was it so hard to find drinking cups for the kids? They forgot their glasses.;
Why did the bride want to return her dress? She just couldn’t tie the knot.;
Why do Bees wear glasses? They have to C to get to D.;
What do trees say to other mean trees? Leaf me alone.;
Where do Easter eggs take each other to dance? The basketball.;
Why didn’t the light want to be friends with the bulb? He was dim.;
Why are frogs scared to cross the busy street? They don’t want to croak.;
Why was the tavern always so clean? It was a bar of soap.;
What did the basketball thief say when he heard the cops? Let’s bounce.;
Why was no dirty language allowed at the theater? It was a soap opera.;
Why did the priest wear a torn shirt to church? It was holy.;
What did the drill tell the piece of wood that tried to run? You’re screwed.;
What do you call two cats tied together? Octopus.;
What did the drummer say to the farmer? Nice beats.;
Why was the garden sad about the salad? It was the head of lettuce.;
What did the knife say to the fork about the tough steak? I will give it a stab.;
How do you circumcise a Hillbilly? Kick his sister in the jaw. ;
What do you call a bad circumcision? A rip off. ;
Why do walruses love a Tupperware party? They are always on the lookout for a tight seal. ;
My daughter told me recently that I'm a terrible father. I don't what she's basing it off, she hardly knows me. ;
What do you call a cow that's masturbating? Beef stroganoff. ;
Did I tell you guys about my new job at the zoo? It's my responsibility to circumcise the elephants. The pay is not great, but the tips are enormous. ;
What do you get when you mix Zebra DNA and human DNA? Kicked out of the zoo. ;
How do you make a pool table laugh? Tickle its balls. ;
Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One turns the other and says, `Can't believe I blew 20 Bucks in there.` ;
What is a world without women? It would be a real pain in the ass. ;
My granddad was a dyslexic baker in the army. He used to go in all buns glazing. ;
What do a penis and a Rubik's cube have in common? The more you play with it, the harder it gets. ;
My father has Schizophrenia... but he is good people.;
An Irish man walks out of a bar... ;
What is E.T short for? Little legs. ;
There is a guy going around at the moment that is dipping his testicles into glitter... It's pretty nuts. ;
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandpa did. Not like the passengers in his car. ; 
My doctor told me the other day I had to stop masturbating. I asked him why. `Because I am trying to examine you.` ;
Why isn't there a pregnant Barbie doll? Because Ken came in a different box. ;
Did you hear about the cross-eyed circumciser? He got the sack. ;
What do you call an I.T. teacher who touches his students? A PDF-file. ;
Why was 6 afraid of 7? 7 was a registered sex offender. ;
My penis was in the Guinness Book of World Records. But then the librarian asked me to take it out. ;
Why do the 7 dwarves laugh when they play soccer? The grass tickles their balls. ;
What did Cinderella do when she got to the ball? Gag. ; 
I was made to walk the plank when I was a kid... We couldn't afford a dog. ; 
I was driving down the street the other day and I saw this sign `Watch for children`... So I made the trade. ;
How do you make your wife cry during sex? You call her. ; 
If a blackbird has black babies, and a bluebird has blue babies, what bird has no babies? A swallow. ;
How does The Rock pee? He dwaynes  his Johnson. ;
Why don't boxers have sex the night before a Fight? They just don't really like each other. ;)
You've got to hand it to blind prostitutes... ;
What does a robot do after sex? He nuts and bolts. ;
What's the difference between an oral and rectal thermometer? The taste. ;
My favorite childhood memory is building sand castles with my grandfather. Until my mother took the urn from me. ;
Love is like a fart, if you have to force it it's probably shit. ;
