A pair of cows were talking in the field. One says, 'Have you heard about the mad cow disease that’s going around?' - 'Yeah,' the other cow says. 'Makes me glad I’m a penguin.';
'Once, my father came home and found me in front of a roaring fire. That made my father very mad, as we didn’t have a fireplace.';
'Your mother has been with us for 20 years,' said John. 'Isn’t it time she got a place of her own?' - 'My mother?” replied Helen. 'I thought she was your mother.';
According to unofficial sources, a new simplified income-tax form contains only four lines: 1. What was your income for the year? 
- 2. What were your expenses? - 3. How much have you left? - 4. Send it in.;
One of the oddities of Wall Street is that it is the dealer and not the customer who is called broker.;
A teenager brings her new boyfriend home to meet her parents. They’re appalled by his haircut, his tattoos, and his piercings. Later, the girl’s mom says, 'Dear, he doesn’t seem to be a very nice boy.' - 'Oh, please, Mom!' says the daughter. 'If he wasn’t nice, would he be doing 500 hours of community service?';
Two hunters are out in the woods when one of them collapses. He’s not breathing and his eyes are glazed. The other guy whips out his cell phone and calls 911. 'I think my friend is dead!” he yells. “What can I do?' The operator says, 'Calm down. First, let’s make sure he’s dead.' There’s a silence, then a shot. Back on the phone, the guy says, 'Okay, now what?';
'Did you hear they arrested the devil?' - 'Yeah, they got him on possession.';
Two eggs, a bagel, and a sausage walk into a bar. 'Bartender, my friends and I would like a cold one,' says one of the eggs. 'Sorry,' the barman replies. 'We don’t serve breakfast.';
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach a man to fish and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.;
The young father took a seat on the bus next to an elderly man and plopped his one-year-old on his lap, just as the little boy began to cry and fidget. 'That child is spoiled, isn’t he?' the old man remarked. 'No,' said the dad. 'They all smell this way.';
I was visiting my son the other night when I asked if I could borrow a newspaper. 'Dad, this is the 21st century,' he said. 'I don’t waste my money on newspapers. But if you like, you can borrow my iPad.' I can tell you this: That spider never knew what hit him.;
First, the doctor told me the good news. He said that I was going to have a disease named after me.;
If Dracula can’t see his reflection in the mirror, how come his hair is always so neatly combed?;
I was already a nervous wreck about my upcoming surgery. It didn’t help matters when the admitting nurse absent-mindedly asked me, 'Have you had a hysterectomy before?';
I hang on to my old, beat-up appliances as long as they keep working. I thought my wife shared, or at least accepted, my philosophy. But the other morning, I saw a note posted in front of my 15-year-old coffeemaker: 'Jurassic Perk.';
Few people know what a quartermaster does. So during my aircraft carrier’s Family Day, I demonstrated a procedure called semaphore—I grabbed my flags and signaled an imaginary boat. When finished, I pointed to a little girl in front and asked, 'Now do you know what I do?' - 'Yes,” she said. “You’re a cheerleader.';
The English language often got the better of my German grandfather, a pastor. During one service, he announced that two members of his flock were getting married. 'You’re all invited to the wedding,' he told the congregation. 'And also to the parish hall afterward for the conception.';
Before you marry a person, you should first make them use a computer with slow internet to see who they really are.;
Mr. and Mrs. Shaw were on safari in Africa, walking through the jungle. Suddenly a huge lion sprang out of the bushes and seized Mrs. Shaw, dragging her off. 'Shoot!' she screamed to her husband. 'Shoot!' - 'I can’t!' he shouted back. 'I’ve run out of film!';
After finishing our Chinese food, my husband and I cracked open our fortune cookies. Mine read, 'Be quiet for a little while.' His read, 'Talk while you have a chance.';
From an article about a hotel renovation in the Reno Gazette-Journal: 'The downstairs, which will be connected to the upstairs by a spiral staircase, will have more meeting space plus food and beverage fatalities.';
'I don’t think I look thirty, do you, dear?' asked the wife. 'No, darling, not now,' her husband replied. 'But you used to.';
A turtle is crossing the road when he’s mugged by two snails. When the police show up, they ask him what happened. The shaken turtle replies, 'I don’t know. It all happened so fast.';
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.;
I don’t have a carbon footprint. I just drive everywhere.;
An apple a day keeps the doctor away… Or at least it does if you throw it hard enough.;
Why do we tell actors to 'break a leg?' Because every play has a cast.;
I have a stepladder because my real ladder left when I was just a kid.;
I visited my friend at his new house. He told me to make myself at home.
So I threw him out. I hate having visitors.;
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.;
'Welcome back to Plastic Surgery Anonymous. Nice to see so many new faces here today!';
My wife left a note on the fridge that said, 'This isn’t working.' I’m not sure what she’s talking about. I opened the fridge door and it’s working fine!;
A child determined to burn his home down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm across the mother and stated, 'That’s arson.';
Imagine when you walked into a bar and there was a lengthy line of individuals ready to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.;
Wife: 'I want another baby.' - Husband: 'That’s a relief, I also really don’t like this one.'; 
My favorite film is The Hunchback of Notre Dame. I love a protagonist with a twisted back story.;
Why are friends a lot like snow? If you pee on them, they disappear.;
When I see the names of lovers engraved on a tree, I don’t find it cute or romantic. I find it weird how many people take knives with them on dates.;
My wife and I have reached the difficult decision that we do not want children. If anybody does, please just send me your contact details and we can drop them off tomorrow.;
My parents raised me as an only child, which really pissed off my sister.;
What’s pink and dangerous for your tooth? A brick.;
Watching my daughter at the park earlier. Another parent asked, 'Which one is yours?' I replied, 'I’m still deciding.' They looked horrified.;
My mother said one man’s trash is another man’s treasure. Turns out I’m adopted.;
When my uncle Frank died, he needed his ashes to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His final wish was to be Frank in Stein.;
How do you drown a hipster? Throw him in the mainstream.;
What did the Buddhist say to the hot dog vendor? Make me one with everything.;
‘What’s a couple?’ I asked my mum. She said, ‘Two or three’. Which probably explains why her marriage collapsed.;
I got in touch with my inner self today. That’s the very last time I’m using single ply toilet paper!;
